feat(docs): sequence diagram for grant interaction (#1194)
interledger/rafiki: docs/grant-interaction.md

# Grant Interaction Flow

## Endpoints

> Once a grant is initialized, there are four main endpoints that are used as part of an interaction to authorize the grant, if the AS deems it necessary. The endpoints, in order of their calling, are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the AS deems it necessary that interaction is needed to issue a grant, there are four main endpoints that are used as part of an interaction once a pending grant has been created. The endpoints, in order of their calling, are as follows:
```
Maybe? To tie in "if the AS deems it necessary" into your comment

> Once a grant is initialized, there are four main endpoints that are used as part of an interaction to authorize the grant, if the AS deems it necessary. The endpoints, in order of their calling, are as follows:

Author: I updated the text to incorporate both of your suggestions and have more brevity 👍

&interact_ref=4IFWWIKYBC2PQ6U56NL1` (if interaction was accepted) - `hash` is a `sha-256` hash of values provided by the client in the body of the [grant initialization request](https://docs.openpayments.guide/reference/post) (`interact.finish.nonce`), values returned in the AS response for that request (`interact.finish`), the `interact_ref` provided alongside the `hash`, and the uri of the grant initialization request (`https://auth-server.com/`).
- `POST /continue/:id` ([this should still be accurate](https://docs.openpayments.guide/reference/post-continue), final back-channel request made by client if interaction was successful, AS responds with an access token)

### On `x-idp-secret`

`x-idp-secret` is the name of a header that is used for `GET /grant/:id/:nonce`, `POST /grant/:id/:nonce/accept`, and `POST /grant/:id/:nonce/reject` requests. Its purpose is to secure communications between the IDP and the AS and its value should be a shared secret known to both entities.

To set this up, set the `IDENTITY_SERVER_SECRET` on the AS environment to a value that is also used to configure the IDP's requests to the AS.

## Sequence Diagram

> This diagram was generated using [Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/).

Reviewer 2: https://github.blog/2022-02-14-include-diagrams-markdown-files-mermaid/

> This diagram was generated using [Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/).

Reviewer: I think just need to add `mermaid` to the code block type 👇

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```mermaid
```
